log_min_error_statement	Controls which SQL statements that cause an error condition are recorded in the server log. The current SQL statement is included in the log entry for any message of the specified severity or higher. Valid values are VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, and VDISABLE. The default is VOTHER, which means statements causing errors, log messages, fatal errors, or panics will be logged. To effectively turn off logging of failing statements, set this parameter to VDISABLE. Only superusers can change this setting.
slow_query_log	Whether the slow query log is enabled. The value can be VDISABLE to disable the log or VENABLE to enable the log. 
auto_generate_certs	This variable controls whether the server autogenerates SSL key and certificate files in the data directory.
caching_sha2_password_auto_generate_rsa_keys	The server uses this variable to determine whether to autogenerate RSA private/public key-pair files in the data directory if they do not already exist.
foreign_key_checks	If set to VENABLE (the default), foreign key constraints are checked. If set to VDISABLE, foreign key constraints are ignored, with a couple of exceptions. 
general_log	Whether the general query log is enabled.
log_queries_not_using_indexes	If you enable this variable with the slow query log enabled, queries that are expected to retrieve all rows are logged.
unique_checks	If set to VENABLE (the default), uniqueness checks for secondary indexes in INNODB tables are performed. If set to VDISABLE, storage engines are permitted to assume that duplicate keys are not present in input data. If you know for certain that your data does not contain uniqueness violations, you can set this to VDISABLE to speed up large table imports to INNODB.
innodb_log_checkpoint_now	Enable this debug option to force INNODB to write a checkpoint.
innodb_monitor_enable	Enables INNODB metrics counters.
innodb_stats_auto_recalc	Causes INNODB to automatically recalculate persistent statistics after the data in a table is changed substantially.
AddInputFilter	CSELF maps the filename extension extension to the filters which will process client requests and POST input when they are received by the server.
SetInputFilter	The CSELF directive sets the filter or filters which will process client requests and POST input when they are received by the server.
AuthLDAPDereferenceAliases	This directive specifies when mod_authnz_ldap will dereference aliases during LDAP operations. Valid values : VDISABLE, VOTHER, VOTHER, VENABLE.
CheckSpelling	This directive enables or disables the spelling module. When enabled, keep in mind that the directory scan which is necessary for the spelling correction will have an impact on the server's performance when many spelling corrections have to be performed at the same time.
DirectoryCheckHandler	The CSELF directive determines whether mod_dir should check for directory indexes or add trailing slashes when some other handler has been configured for the current URL.
ExpiresActive	This directive enables or disables the generation of the Expires and Cache-Control headers for the document realm in question. If set to VDISABLE, the headers will not be generated for any document in the realm. If set to VENABLE, the headers will be added to served documents according to the criteria defined by the COTHER and COTHER directives.
ExtendedStatus	This option tracks additional data per worker about the currently executing request and creates a utilization summary. The collection of extended status information can slow down the server. 
FilterChain	This configures an actual filter chain, from declared filters.
FilterDeclare	This directive declares an output filter together with a header or environment variable that will determine runtime configuration.
HostnameLookups	This directive enables DNS lookups so that host names can be logged (and passed to CGIs/SSIs in REMOTEHOST). The value Double refers to doing double-reverse DNS lookup. That is, after a reverse lookup is performed, a forward lookup is then performed on that result. The default is VDISABLE in order to save the network traffic for those sites that don't truly need the reverse lookups done. It is also better for the end users because they don't have to suffer the extra latency that a lookup entails. Heavily loaded sites should leave this directive VDISABLE, since DNS lookups can take considerable amounts of time.
IdentityCheck	This directive enables RFC1413 compliant logging of the remote user name for each connection, where the client machine runs identd or something similar. Note that this can cause serious latency problems accessing your server since every request requires one of these lookups to be performed. When firewalls or proxy servers are involved, each lookup might possibly fail and add a latency duration as defined by the IdentityCheckTimeout directive to each hit. So in general this is not very useful on public servers accessible from the Internet.
ISAPILogNotSupported	Logs all requests for unsupported features from ISAPI extensions in the server error log. This may help administrators to track down problems. Once set to VENABLE and all desired ISAPI modules are functioning, it should be set back to VDISABLE.
LDAPTrustedMode	Specifies the SSL/TLS mode to be used when connecting to an LDAP server. The following modes are supported : VDISABLE : no encryption. VOTHER.
LogLevel	CSELF adjusts the verbosity of the messages recorded in the error logs (see ErrorLog directive). The following levels are available, in order of decreasing significance. VOTHER : Emergencies - system is unusable. VOTHER : Action must be taken immediately. VOTHER : Critical Conditions. VOTHER : Error conditions. VOTHER : Warning conditions. VOTHER : Normal but significant condition. VOTHER : Informational. VOTHER : Debug-level messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages. VOTHER : Trace messages.
LuaInputFilter	Provides a means of adding a Lua function as an input filter. As with output filters, input filters work as coroutines, first yielding before buffers are sent, then yielding whenever a bucket needs to be passed down the chain, and finally (optionally) yielding anything that needs to be appended to the input data.
LuaOutputFilter	Provides a means of adding a Lua function as an output filter. As with input filters, output filters work as coroutines, first yielding before buffers are sent, then yielding whenever a bucket needs to be passed down the chain, and finally (optionally) yielding anything that needs to be appended to the input data.
MDMustStaple	Defines if newly requested certificate should have the OCSP Must Staple flag set or not. If a certificate has this flag, the server is required to send a OCSP stapling response to every client.
XBitHack	The CSELF directive controls the parsing of ordinary html documents. VDISABLE : No special treatment of executable files. VENABLE : Any text/html file that has the user-execute bit set will be treated as a server-parsed html document. VOTHER : As for VENABLE but also test the group-execute bit. 
<VirtualHost addr[:port] [addr[:port]] ...> ... </VirtualHost>	CSELF are used to enclose a group of directives that will apply only to a particular virtual host. When the server receives a request for a document on a particular virtual host, it uses the configuration directives enclosed in the CSELF section.
SSLVerifyDepth	This directive sets how deeply mod_ssl should verify before deciding that the clients don't have a valid certificate. A depth of VOTHER means that self-signed client certificates are accepted only, the default depth of VOTHER means the client certificate can be self-signed or has to be signed by a CA which is directly known to the server.
SSLStaplingReturnResponderErrors	When enabled, mod_ssl will pass responses from unsuccessful stapling related OCSP queries (such as responses with an overall status other than "successful", responses with a certificate status other than "good", expired responses etc) on to the client. If set to VDISABLE, only responses indicating a certificate status of "good" will be included in the TLS handshake.
SSLProxyCARevocationCheck	Enables certificate revocation list (CRL) checking for the remote servers you deal with
SSLOptions.ExportCertData	When this option is enabled, additional CGI/SSI environment variables are created. This bloats up the environment a little bit which is why you have to use this option to enable it on demand.
SSLOptions.StdEnvVars	When this option is enabled, the standard set of SSL related CGI/SSI environment variables are created. This per default is disabled for performance reasons, because the information extraction step is a rather expensive operation.
SSLEngine	This directive toggles the usage of the SSL/TLS Protocol Engine. This is should be used inside a COTHER section to enable SSL/TLS for a that virtual host. By default the SSL/TLS Protocol Engine is disabled for both the main server and all configured virtual hosts.
SetOutputFilter	The CSELF directive sets the filters which will process responses from the server before they are sent to the client.
SetInputFilter	The CSELF directive sets the filter or filters which will process client requests and POST input when they are received by the server. 
SessionEnv	If set to VENABLE, the CSELF directive causes the contents of the session to be written to a CGI environment variable called COTHER.
log_statement_stats 	For each query, output performance statistics of the respective module to the server log. This is a crude profiling instrument, similar to the Unix getrusage() operating system facility.
Script	This directive adds an action, which will activate cgi script when a file is requested using the method of method.
RewriteEngine	The CSELF directive enables or disables the runtime rewriting engine. If it is set to VDISABLE this module does no runtime processing at all.
RemoteIPProxyProtocol	The CSELF directive enables or disables the reading and handling of the PROXY protocol connection header. If enabled with the VENABLE flag, the upstream client must send the header every time it opens a connection or the connection will be aborted unless it is in the list of disabled hosts provided by the COTHER directive.
ProxyVia	This directive controls the use of the "Via:" HTTP header by the proxy. If set to VDISABLE, which is the default, no special processing is performed. If a request or reply contains a "Via:" header, it is passed through unchanged. If set to VENABLE, each request and reply will get a "Via:" header line added for the current host.
ProxyHTMLMeta	Turns on or off extra preparsing of metadata in HTML "head" sections. If not required, turning CSELF VDISABLE will give a small performance boost by skipping this parse step.
ProxyHTMLInterp	This enables perrequest interpolation in COTHER to and from patterns. If interpolation is not enabled, all rules are precompiled at startup. With interpolation, they must be recompiled for every request, which implies an extra processing overhead. It should therefore be enabled only when necessary.
ProxyHTMLFixups	Fixes for simple HTML errors. VOTHER : Urls are rewritten to lowercase. VOTHER : Backslashes in URLs are rewritten to forward slashes. VOTHER : Unset any options set at a higher level in the configuration.
ProxyHTMLExtended	Determines whether to fix links in inline scripts, stylesheets, and scripting events. Set to On, all scripting events (as determined by COTHER) and embedded scripts or stylesheets are also processed by the COTHER rules, according to the flags set for each rule. Since this requires more parsing, performance will be best if you only enable it when strictly necessary.
ProxyHTMLEnable	Turns the proxy_html filter on or off.
ProxyExpressEnable	The CSELF directive controls whether the module will be active.
innodb_deadlock_detect	This option is used to disable deadlock detection. On high concurrency systems, deadlock detection can cause a slowdown when numerous threads wait for the same lock. At times, it may be more efficient to disable deadlock detection and rely on the COTHER setting for transaction rollback when a deadlock occurs.
systemLog.traceAllExceptions	Print verbose information for debugging. Use for additional logging for support-related troubleshooting.
cloud.monitoring.free.state	Enables or disables free MongoDB Cloud monitoring. CSELF accepts the following values : VOTHER : Default. You can enable or disable free monitoring during runtime. VENABLE : Enables free monitoring at startup; i.e. registers for free monitoring. When enabled at startup, you cannot disable free monitoring during runtime. VDISABLE : Disables free monitoring at startup, regardless of whether you have previously registered for free monitoring. When disabled at startup, you cannot enable free monitoring during runtime.
net.wireObjectCheck	When VENABLE, the mongod or mongos instance validates all requests from clients upon receipt to prevent clients from inserting malformed or invalid BSON into a MongoDB database. For objects with a high degree of subdocument nesting, CSELF can have a small impact on performance.
security.javascriptEnabled	Enables or disables the server-side JavaScript execution. When disabled, you cannot use operations that perform server-side execution of JavaScript code, such as the "where" query operator, mapReduce command and the db.collection.mapReduce() method.
storage.indexBuildRetry	Specifies whether mongod rebuilds incomplete indexes on the next start up.
snmp.disabled	Disables SNMP access to mongod. Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is an application-layer protocol used to manage and monitor network devices and their functions. SNMP provides a common language for network devices to relay management information in a local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN).
ttlMonitorEnabled	To support TTL Indexes, mongod instances have a background thread that is responsible for deleting documents from collections with TTL indexes. To disable this worker thread for a mongod, set CSELF to C_DISABLE.
operationProfiling.slowOpSampleRate	The fraction of slow operations that should be profiled or logged. CSELF accepts values between VDISABLE and VOTHER, inclusive.
operationProfiling.mode	Specifies which operations should be profiled. VDISABLE : The profiler is off and does not collect any data. This is the default profiler level. VOTHER : The profiler collects data for operations that take longer than the value of slowms. VENABLE : The profiler collects data for all operations.
watchdogPeriodSeconds	Determines how frequent the Storage Node Watchdog checks the status of the monitored filesystems. If a filesystem on a monitored directory becomes unresponsive, it can take a maximum of nearly twice the value of COTHER to terminate the mongod.
traceExceptions	Configures mongod to log full source code stack traces for every database and socket Cplusplus exception, for use with debugging. If VENABLE, mongod will log full stack traces.
createRollbackDataFiles	Flag that determines whether MongoDB creates rollback files that contains documents affected during a rollback.
archive_mode	When archive_mode is enabled, completed WAL segments are sent to archive storage by setting archive_command.
hot_standby_feedback	Specifies whether or not a hot standby will send feedback to the primary or upstream standby about queries currently executing on the standby. This parameter can be used to eliminate query cancels caused by cleanup records, but can cause database bloat on the primary for some workloads. Feedback messages will not be sent more frequently than once per wal_receiver_status_interval. The default value is VDISABLE.
update_process_title	Enables updating of the process title every time a new SQL command is received by the server. This setting defaults to VENABLE on most platforms, but it defaults to VDISABLE on Windows due to that platform's larger overhead for updating the process title.
track_activities	Enables the collection of information on the currently executing command of each session, along with the time when that command began execution.
track_io_timing	Enables timing of database I/O calls. This parameter is VDISABLE by default, because it will repeatedly query the operating system for the current time, which may cause significant overhead on some platforms.
track_functions	Enables tracking of function call counts and time used.
debug_options	Logging options are set as section, level where each source file is assigned a unique section. Lower levels result in less output, Full debugging (level 9) can result in a very large log file, so be careful. The magic word "ALL" sets debugging levels for all sections. The default is to run with "ALL,1" to record important warnings. The rotate=N option can be used to keep more or less of these logs than would otherwise be kept by logfile_rotate. For most uses a single log should be enough to monitor current events affecting Squid.
org.apache.juli.logging.UserDataHelper.CONFIG	The type of logging to use for errors generated by invalid input data. The options are : VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER and VOTHER. When VOTHER is used, the period for which errors are logged at DEBUG rather than INFO is controlled by the system property COTHER. 
xmlParsingProtection	Enables protection so that parsing XML files within a web application does not result in a memory leak. Note that memory profilers may not display the GC root associated with this leak making it particularly hard to diagnose. Defaults to VENABLE.
access_log	Configures whether and how Squid logs HTTP and ICP transactions. If access logging is enabled, a single line is logged for every matching HTTP or ICP request.
cache_store_log	Logs the activities of the storage manager. Shows which objects are ejected from the cache, and which objects are saved and for how long. There are not really utilities to analyze this data, so you can safely disable it (the default). Store log uses modular logging outputs.
emulate_httpd_log	The Cache can emulate the log file format which many 'httpd' programs use. To disable/enable this emulation, set CSELF to VDISABLE or VENABLE. The default is to use the native log format since it includes useful information Squid-specific log analyzers use.
log_access	This options allows you to control which requests gets logged to access0log (see access_log directive). Requests denied for logging will also not be accounted for in performance counters.
log_icap	This options allows you to control which requests get logged to icap-log. See the icap_log directive for ICAP log details.
log_icp_queries	If set, ICP queries are logged to access-log. You may wish do disable this if your ICP load is VERY high to speed up things or to simplify log analysis.
ie_refresh	Turning this on provides a partial fix to the problem, by causing all IMS-REFRESH requests from older IE versions to check the origin server for fresh content. This reduces hit ratio by some amount (~10% in my experience), but allows users to actually get fresh content when they want it. Note because Squid cannot tell if the user is using 5.5 or 5.5SP1, the behavior of 5.5 is unchanged from old versions of Squid (i.e. a forced refresh is impossible). Newer versions of IE will, hopefully, continue to have the new behavior and will be handled based on that assumption. This option defaults to the old Squid behavior, which is better for hit ratios but worse for clients using IE, if they need to be able to force fresh content.
sessionAttributeNameFilter	A regular expression used to filter which session attributes will be replicated. An attribute will only be replicated if the implementation class name of the value matches this pattern. If the pattern is zero length or null, all attributes are eligible for replication. The pattern is anchored so the fully qualified class name must fully match the pattern.
check_constraint_checks	If set to VDISABLE, will disable constraint checks, for example when loading a table that violates some constraints that you plan to fix later. 
debug	Available in debug builds only. Used in debugging through the DBUG library to write to a trace file. Just using CSELF will write a trace of what mysqld is doing to /tmp/mysqld.trace. 
debug_no_thread_alarm	Disable system thread alarm calls. Disabling it may be useful in debugging or testing, never do it in production. 
debug_sync	Used in debugging to show the interface to the Debug Sync facility. MariaDB needs to be configured with -DENABLE_DEBUG_SYNC=1 for this variable to be available. 
encrypt_tmp_disk_tables	Enables automatic encryption of all internal on-disk temporary tables that are created during query execution if COTHER=VENABLE is set.
encrypt_tmp_files	Enables automatic encryption of temporary files, such as those created for filesort operations, binary log file caches, etc. See Data at Rest Encryption. 
encryption_algorithm	Which encryption algorithm to use for table encryption. aes_cbc is the recommended one. See Table and Tablespace Encryption. 
flush	Usually, MariaDB writes changes to disk after each SQL statement, and the operating system handles synchronizing (flushing) it to disk. If set to ON, the server will synchronize all changes to disk after each statement. 
foreign_key_checks	If set to VENABLE foreign key constraints InnoDB tables are checked, while if set to VDISABLE, they are not checked. VDISABLE is not recommended for normal use, though it can be useful in situations where you know the data is consistent, but want to reload data in a different order from that that specified by parent/child relationships.
log_disabled_statements	If set, the specified type of statements (slave or stored procedure statements) will not be logged to the general log.
lower_case_file_system	Read-only variable describing whether the file system is case-sensitive. If set to VDISABLE, file names are case-sensitive. If set to VENABLE, they are not case-sensitive.
profiling	If set to VENABLE (VDISABLE is default), statement profiling will be enabled.
profiling_history_size	Number of statements about which profiling information is maintained. If set to VDISABLE, no profiles are stored.
strict_password_validation	When password validation plugins are enabled, reject passwords that cannot be validated (passwords specified as a hash). This excludes direct updates to the privilege tables. 
wsrep_debug	When set to VENABLE (VDISABLE is default), debug messages will be logged to the error log as well. 
innodb_cmp_per_index_enabled	If set to VENABLE (VDISABLE is default), per-index compression statistics are stored in the INFORMATION_SCHEMA.INNODB_CMP_PER_INDEX table. These are expensive to record, so this setting should only be changed with care, such as for performance tuning on development or slave servers. 
rocksdb_debug_ttl_read_filter_ts	For debugging purposes only. Overrides the TTL read filtering time to time + debug_ttl_read_filter_ts. A value of 0 denotes that the variable is not set.
rocksdb_debug_ttl_rec_ts	For debugging purposes only. Overrides the TTL of records to now() + debug_ttl_rec_ts. The value can be +/- to simulate a record inserted in the past vs a record inserted in the 'future'. A value of 0 denotes that the variable is not set.
rocksdb_debug_ttl_snapshot_ts	For debugging purposes only. Sets the snapshot during compaction to now() + debug_set_ttl_snapshot_ts. The value can be positive or negative to simulate a snapshot in the past vs a snapshot created in the 'future'. A value of 0 denotes that the variable is not set. This variable is a no-op in non-debug builds. 
rocksdb_info_log_level	Filter level for info logs to be written mysqld error log. Valid values include VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER, VOTHER and VOTHER.